lastgenre: Genre ignorelist (#6449)
beetbox/beets: docs/plugins/lastgenre.rst

    If ``force`` is disabled the ``keep_existing`` option is simply ignored
    (since ``force: no`` means ``not touching`` existing tags anyway).

Genre Ignorelist
----------------

Last.fm tags are crowd-sourced, so they can be wrong — especially for artists
whose names are shared with or confused with others. For example, a "Drum And
Bass" artist named "Fracture" might incorrectly receive "Metal" tags. The
ignorelist lets you reject specific genres globally or per-artist.

Another example for the ignorelist is to exclude genres that are technically
correct but not useful to you. For example, you might want to exclude "Ska" for
"Bob Marley", even though it is a valid genre for his music.

Filtering is done in two places: when fetching genres from Last.fm and when
resolving to a final genre list (during canonicalization and whitelisting).

> This means that existing genres are also filtered when the ``force`` and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means that existing genres are also filtered when ``force`` and
```

``keep_existing`` options are enabled (or ``cleanup_existing`` is enabled with
``force: no``).

To enable this feature, add an ``ignorelist`` section to your ``lastgenre``
configuration:

.. code-block:: yaml

    lastgenre:
        ignorelist:
            fracture:
                - ^(heavy|black|power|death)?\s?(metal|rock)$|\w+-metal\d*$
                - progressive metal
            bob marley:
                - ska
            '*':
                - electronic

A combination of regex patterns and plain genre names is possible. The ``'*'``
key applies globally to all artists — use it to block genres you never want,
regardless of artist. Patterns are matched against the full genre string, so a
plain ``metal`` will not match ``heavy metal`` unless you write a regex like
``.*metal.*``.

.. attention::

    - The global key ``'*'`` **must** be surrounded by single quotes so that
      YAML does not interpret it as an anchor.

>     - Any regex pattern that starts with special YAML characters (especially

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Any regex pattern that starts with a special YAML character (especially
```
